<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="Untitled7">
  <title>EPUB Parameters</title>
  <shortdesc></shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The following table lists the parameters specific to the stylesheets that generate EPUB.</p>
      <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 1* 2*">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Parameter</stentry>
          
          <stentry>Value</stentry>
          
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        
        <strow>
          <stentry
            id="cover-image"><tt>cover-image</tt><indexterm>cover-image,
              parameter</indexterm></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>URI. If the URI is relative, it is relative to the
            current working directory of the user.</p><p>No default
              value.</p></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>Specifies an image file which is to be used as the cover
            page of the EPUB file. This image must be a PNG or JPEG image. Its
            size must not exceed 1000x1000 pixels.</p><p>In theory, EPUB 3
              <indexterm>EPUB 3, output format</indexterm> also accepts SVG 1.1
              cover images.</p></stentry>
        </strow>
        
        <strow>
          <stentry
            id="epub-identifier"><tt>epub-identifier</tt><indexterm>epub-identifier,
              parameter</indexterm></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>String</p><p>Default value: dynamically generated UUID
            URN.</p></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>A globally unique identifier for the generated EPUB
            document (typically the permanent URL of the EPUB
            document).</p></stentry>
        </strow>
        
        <strow>
          <stentry
            id="epub2-compatible"><tt>epub2-compatible</tt><indexterm>epub2-compatible,
              parameter</indexterm></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>Allowed values are: <tt>'yes'</tt> and
            <tt>'no'</tt>.</p><p>Default value: <tt>'yes'</tt>.</p></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>Only applies to EPUB 3<indexterm>EPUB 3, output
            format</indexterm>.</p><p>By default, the EPUB 3 files generated by
              ditac are made compatible with EPUB 2 readers. Specify <tt>'no'</tt>
              if you don't need this compatibility.</p></stentry>
        </strow>
        
        
        <strow>
          <stentry
            id="generate-epub-trigger"><tt>generate-epub-trigger</tt><indexterm>generate-epub-trigger,
              parameter</indexterm></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>Allowed values are: <tt>'yes'</tt> and
            <tt>'no'</tt>.</p><p>Default value: <tt>'yes'</tt>.</p></stentry>
          
          <stentry><p>Only applies to EPUB 3<indexterm>EPUB 3, output
            format</indexterm>.</p><p>Specify <tt>'no'</tt> if your EPUB 3
              reader does not support <xref format="html"
                href="http://idpf.org/epub/30/spec/epub30-contentdocs.html#sec-xhtml-epub-trigger"
                scope="external"><tt>epub:trigger</tt></xref> yet. When
              <tt>generate-epub-trigger=no</tt>, ditac generates an
              <tt>onclick</tt> attribute containing simple JavaScript code and
              declares the containing XHTML 5 page as being
              <tt>scripted</tt>.</p></stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
